hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so last year we did a review of a
toothbrush by a company called quip
they're based out of New York and I
didn't love the product it was pretty
good
looked really nice but I kept it around
at work just because I wanted a
toothbrush at work and I continued to
order refills for it just because it was
convenient
the last refill that came in came with a
free upgrade to their second generation
toothbrush much improved hence the
second review so quip makes electric and
manual toothbrushes that come in
different colors and stuff but they sell
them via a subscription service so you
order toothbrush from them and if you
want every three months or so they'll
send you a new head and/or toothpaste if
that's what you've ordered now the one I
have is the electric version and it
costs $40 when it comes in you get the
toothbrush and a holder inside a travel
case or like a travel tube some
toothpaste and some pamphlets on dental
care and stuff the handle is aluminum
and it feels surprisingly well-made like
I don't know about the plastic ones but
the metal handles have a really nice
weight to them they're densely packed
right there's a motor and a battery in a
really small metal tube now I know it's
just a toothbrush and a lot of people
don't care about this kind of stuff but
I think they did a really good job on
the aesthetics the holder doesn't use
sticky tape it's actually a reusable
suction mechanism super easy to install
and if you ever want to move it around
you can it's also a better holder than
the old one it drains better and the
bottom pops off so it's easier to clean
the heads now if snap off instead of
being a pull off and they feel much more
secure when they're attached the
mechanism on the inside is quite
different from before so this new one
has a few more over Ang's that make it
waterproof but the most significant
improvement is how the vibrations get to
the bristles I'm not sure exactly what
they did but it's a stronger vibration
at the head which I assume does a better
job cleaning your teeth it still uses a
triple-a battery that lasts around three
months and I've been using a
rechargeable battery with no problem the
brush heads have some soft rubber
bristles things around the edge now the
whole thing doesn't spin they just kind
of vibrate when you brush this new
version gives a really solid brushing
experience it actually feels like any
top name-brand vibrating toothbrush but
it looks a lot
nicer it also has a tongue scraper and a
two minute timer the toothpaste is a
pretty standard minty flavor and I'll
ask you around three months for the tube
now the equip subscription service
itself I used to think it wasn't that
useful because really how hard is it to
get a toothbrush and a toothpaste
wherever he wants in North America but I
will say this
ever since I've had the quip and the
convenience of just having the heads
delivered to work every three months I
have never once missed brushing my teeth
after lunch not even once in a year it's
kind of weird like I normally don't have
compliance issues with brush my teeth
but normally I wouldn't brush my teeth
after lunch at work it's just the way it
is but now that they're here and now
that the heads are there I just use them
the other thing is if you're looking for
a modern looking toothbrush like an
electric toothbrush that doesn't have a
charging cable and stuff this is like
the only good one out there that's the
end of this video I hope you guys liked
it give me some thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time